---
layout: post
title: Better
---

What does it mean to be better? Does better mean being more successful? Does it mean financial success? Does it mean personal success? Does it mean beating others? Is better even something surface level? Or does it live deeper and is it more complex than it seems.

The world is full of cash strapped giants, it does not need another one. It is overcrowded by the number of people growing, competing with each other to be something that seems better. 

Chasing a thinly veiled perception of success that harkens to a deeper misunderstanding of exactly what it means to be successful. An inherent failure sneakily covered up by the belief that one's intentions, goals, plans and future are "going to be different than before". The warning signs are subtle and to the person who keenly knows exactly where to look they are clear. But to everyone else they seem to be invisible, non-existent, ignored.

As more people arrive what was once a small, inside joke is now a full scale social movement. People are looking and are listening. Is what is being said, worth being said? Or are we saying what people need to hear and what we need to hear not what matters most?

What matters most is people. People, emotion, experience, intention, necessity, value, truth and above all - care. Not growth, optimisation, revenue, investment, targets, customers, resources and 'innovation'. The word doesn't mean what you think it means.

We choose the path we want to go down. The work we do, the lives we lead, the people we care about. You choose to chase something that won't be around when you're gone.

I'm not going to waste my life on 'revenue'. I'm in it because I fucking love what I do, what I have the potential to do and I won't stop until the day that I'm in the ground.

I'm admitting it. I'm completely in any and every way possible baffled by this week's Reddit drama. 

I'm not saying Redditors are good citizens. I'm not saying Redditors are bad citizens. I'm not saying that I'm right or that I'm wrong. I'm just baffled. I can't help it, I'm struggling to understand some of the things I've been reading and I'm trying extremely hard to understand what I'm missing that everyone else seems to be getting.